DOC-614 | Remove Pregel (#460)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/3.12/release-notes/version-3.12/api-changes-in-3-12.md

Users of the `/_api/traversal` REST API should use
[AQL traversal queries](../../aql/graphs/traversals.md) instead.

#### Pregel API

> The HTTP API for Pregel has been removed in v3.12.0 and is no longer supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/_api/control_pregel/*` endpoints have been removed in v3.12.0 as Pregel graph processing
is no longer supported. The `arangodb_pregel_*` metrics and the `pregel` log topic have been
 removed as well.
```
